didn't like titles like flagpole or battering ram or um [laughter] or loudmouth which is the one I most prefer. And one thing that Thought Works does every six months and the latest one just came out is the Thought Works Radar >> and this latest radar, it just came out I think a few days ago. It's the >> Today it was launched I think >> actually it was today. So by the time this is in production it will have been a few weeks but >> uh it's actually really really fresh. So I just looked at it and things that it it lists. But I'll just list a few things that I saw there and the adopting which is the the ones that they recommend using pre-commit hooks click house for database analytics vlm this is for learning LLM on on cloud or on on-rem in a really efficient way for trialing cloud code fast MCP which is an MC framework for MCB servers and they're they're also recommending a lot of different things related for example to AI and LMS to assess uh can you share a little bit of how Thorkworks comes up with this technology radar what's the process And it it feels very very kind of on the pulse every time like it feels close to the pulse of the industry and again I I talk with a lot of other people. How do people at Thought Works stay this close to what is happening in the industry? >> Okay. Yeah. Well, this will be a bit of a story. Okay. So, it started just over 10 years or so ago. Its origin was one of the things that we've really pushed at footworks is to have technical people, practitioners really involved at v or various levels of running the business and one of the leaders of that um was our former CTO Rebecca Parsons. So Rebecca became CTO and she said I want an advisory board who will keep me connected with what's going on in projects. So she created this technology advisory board and it had a bunch of people whose job was to brief her as to what was going on. We'd meet you know two or three times a year. She had me on the advisory board not so much for that reason but because I was very much sort of a public face of a company. She wanted me present and involved in that. And originally that was just our brief. We would just get together and we'd talk through this stuff. And then one of these meetings um Daryl Smith who was actually her TA at the time technical assistant um he um said we what we got all these projects going on it would be good to get some picture what kinds of technologies we're using and how useful they are and so as to better exchange ideas because we like so many companies we struggle to percolate good ideas around enough I mean even then when we're only just a few thousand it struggled and we're 10,000 now so yeah it's So we thought okay this is a nice idea and he came up with this idea of the radar metaphor and the rings of the radar that we see today and we had little meeting and we created the radar and it's it's a habit if we do something for internal purposes we try and just make it public >> and that's always been a strong part of the works ethos it's part of why I'm there of course is you know we just we talk about everything that we do and we share everything we we we give away our secret source all the time so we did
