required entirely new tool chains similarly AI accelerated development isn't just about shipping faster it's about measuring whether what you ship actually delivers value that's where modern experimentation infrastructure comes in and we're presenting sponsor stats can help. With stats, instead of stitching together point solutions, you get feature flags, analytics, and session replay all using the same user assignments and event tracking. For example, you ship a feature to 10% of users. As you do, the other 90% automatically become your control group with the same event taxonomy. You can immediately see conversion rate differences between groups. drill down to see where treatment users drop off in your funnel. Then watch session recordings of specific users who didn't convert to understand what went wrong. The alternative is running jobs between different services to sync user segments between your feature flag service and your analytics warehouse and then manually linking up data that might have different user identification logic. It's a lot of work and it can also go wrong. Static has a generous free tier to get started and pro pricricing for teams starts at $150 per month. To learn more and get a 30-day enterprise trial, go to stats.com/pragmatic. And now, let's get back to the shift in abstraction with LLMs. Can we talk about that shift in abstraction? Because one very naive or naive way of looking at is saying like, well, we we've had the three levels, right? We have assembly where you have commands for the hardware. You need to be intimately aware of the hardware. We have high level programming languages starting with C later Java later JavaScript and uh where you don't need to be aware of the hardware you're aware of the logic and what you might say as well we have a new abstraction is you have the English language which will you know generate this code you're saying you don't think it's an abstraction jump why do you think this is >> I think there's a bit of an abstraction jump I think the abstraction jump difference is smaller than the determinism nondeterminism jump and it's it's worth remembering one of the key things about highle languages anguages which I didn't mention as I was talking about earlier on is the ability to create your own abstractions in that language that is particularly important as you get to things like object orientation towards u more um expressive functional languages like lisp which didn't really have so much in I mean forran and cobalt you could do that to some extent um because because at least with forran you can create subutines and build abstractions out of that but you've got so many more tools for building abstractions when you've got the the abilities of more modern languages and that ability to build abstractions is crucial. >> So you can build a building block inside of the language that sets you and of course here we have like domain driven development later enables these things and so on. >> Exactly. I mean an old lisp adage is really what you want to do is to create your own language in lisp and then solve your problem using the language that you've created. And I think that way of thinking is a good way of thinking in any programming language. you're both solving the problem and creating a language to to describe the kinds of problems you're trying to solve in. And if you can balance those two nicely, that is what leads to very maintainable and flexible code. So the building of
