to bring them closer. So I open up the SVG of what the LLB has produced and oh I mean it was astonishingly how complicated and convoluted it was for something that I had written the previous one myself and I knew it was you know a dozen lines of SVG and SVG is not exactly a compact language right because it's XML but this thing was gobsmackingly um weird and I mean that's the thing when you vibe code stuff it's going to produce god knows what and often it really is and you cannot then tweak it a little bit. >> You have to basically throw it away and hope that you can generate whatever it is you're trying to tweak. And the other thing of course that's the difference and this is the the heart of the article that Unmesh wrote um that we published yesterday is when you're using vibe coding in this kind of way, you're actually removing a very important part of of something which is the learning loop. If you're not looking at the output, you're not learning. And the thing is that so much of what we do is we come up with ideas, we try them out on the computer with this constant back and forth between what the computer does with what we're thinking. We're constantly going through that learning loop program approach and unash's point, which I think is absolutely true, is you cannot shortcut that process. And what LLM do, they just kind of skim over all of that and you're not learning. And when you're not learning, that means that when you produce something, you don't know how to tweak it and modify it and evolve it and grow it. All you can do is nuke it from orbit and start again. The other thing I've done occasionally with vibe coding is oh vibe coding as a consulting company, so many problems to fix for sure. But you are right on the learning the the the learning side both on on vibe coding and AI. One one thing that I'm noticing on on myself is it is so easy to you know give a prompt you get a bunch of output and you know you should be reviewing a lot of this code either yourself or or in a code review but what I'm seeing on myself is I'm at some point I start to get a bit tired and I just let it let let it go and this is also what I'm hearing when talking with software engineers is the ones who are working at companies which are adopting these tools which is pretty much every company it's there's a lot more code going out there, a lot more code to review, and [clears throat] they're asking, "How can I be vigorous at code reviews when there's just more and more of them than before?" Have you seen approaches that help people, both less experienced people and also more experienced engineers, keep learning with these tools? Just approaches that seem promising. >> Not a huge amount. Um I do I am very much paying attention to what Unmesh um is doing with this because his approach very much is that notion of let's try and build a language to talk to the LLM with work with the LLM to produce a language to communicate to the LLM more precisely and carefully what it is that we're looking for. And I do feel that is
