artificial neural networks. Um and this is kind of you can think about the root as of, you know, deep learning in some sense. Um and what was interesting is that they looked at um neurons and logic, which are two things that you might not kind of necessarily associate with each other, and showed how they were kind of connected mathematically. And a lot of the early work in this era were of around artificial neural networks was about studying them kind of from a mathematical uh perspective um because you at that time the computer wasn't there, you couldn't really run any kind of training models or um Um and then 1969 something interesting happened. So, there's this book by Minsky and Papert called Perceptrons. And this book did a lot of mathematical analysis, and it also showed that linear models, one of the results um out of many, was showing that linear uh classifiers couldn't solve the XOR problem. Um the problem is another way to think about the problem is basically given two inputs, can you tell whether they're the the same or not or different. And um so, it's kind of not a shouldn't be a hard problem, but linear classifiers couldn't do it. And for some reason, which I don't quite understand, it killed off neural nets research, even though they said nothing about if you had a deeper network what it could do. Um but it's often cited that this book uh swung things from people who were interested in neural networks to the field of AI being very symbolic and uh logic-driven. Um but there was always this kind of minority group um who were really invested and believed in um the power of neural networks, and they thought it was just kind of a matter of time. So, in the '80s, there was a renewed interest um people kind of discovered or rediscovered the backpropagation algorithm, which allowed uh kind of a for a generic algorithm that could train these multi-layer neural networks, because single-layer, remember, was um insufficient to do a lot of things. Um and then one of the kind of the early success stories as Yann LeCun in in 1989 uh applied a convolutional neural network and was able to recognize hand digit written digits, and this actually
