Or are you just doing this out of the box demo that was built for another customer a few weeks ago? But hey, you didn't have time to put together something that was really going to be super relevant for their business. That's not the formula. If I'm an airline, I want to hear about passengers. If I'm a SaaS company, I want to hear about users. If I'm a lawyer, I want to hear about clients. You have to use the language that the buyer understands. Otherwise, it goes right over their head. They're not buying a piece of technology. They're buying an outcome. So if you can't demonstrate that based on what they've shared with you, then you're not proving to them that you're able to help them achieve that. Look on their website, find a couple of their key customers. Include those names in your demo. Look at some industry figures and include those types of numbers and metrics in your solution. Don't expect them to translate what you're showing to their business. And with all those pieces in place, you're going to want to set some time aside to rehearse. Long demos are a recipe for disaster. Instead, memorize your mouse movements and where you're going to click and practice them with your team. This will mean that when you actually show up in front of the client, you can just focus on presenting with the best tone and saying the right things and asking the best questions. All right, champ. The day has finally come. It's time to do this thing. Oh, wait. Will wants to add something. Come on, Will. You're ruining our excitement here. Before the demo, you're going to want to prepare to make sure there are going to be no distractions. One of the biggest ones I see; having tons of browser tabs open. This is so distracting when you start sharing your screen, and the prospect is going to want to try and read every single tab you have opened. The second thing; notifications, Slack, email, LinkedIn. You don't want anything popping up in your screen or making a ding during your demo. It's going to throw you off your game and it might even irritate your prospects. Okay, Will. Let's do this. The meeting is starting. If it's a heavily attended demo, there's no way to know who's going to show up first.
